DOC-4812 Separate DB users for automatic bootstrap and runtime (#1153)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/deploying/deployment-tutorials/deploy-corda-cluster.md

            key: "password"
  ```

> * By default, there is a single database user configured that is used for both the bootstrap process and, subsequently at runtime, by the crypto and DB workers. It is recommended to have separate bootstrap and runtime users, which can be done by specifying a bootstrap user as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, there is a single database user used for both the bootstrap process and, subsequently at runtime, by the crypto and DB workers. R3 recommends configuring separate bootstrap and runtime users, by specifying a bootstrap user as follows:
```
